Docs: improve copy-vs-view, mutability, and advanced API (#225)
JuliaArrays/StructArrays.jl: docs/src/index.md

# Overview of StructArrays.jl

This package introduces the type `StructArray` which is an `AbstractArray` whose elements are `struct` (for example `NamedTuples`,  or `ComplexF64`, or a custom user defined `struct`). While a `StructArray` iterates `structs`, the layout uses separate arrays for each field of the `struct`. This is often called [Structure-Of-Arrays (SOA)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/AoS_and_SoA); the concepts will be explained in greater detail below. `struct` entries of a StructArray are constructed on-the-fly. This contrasts with the "Array-Of-Structs" (AOS) layout where individual array elements are explicitly stored as `struct`s.

> `Base.getproperty` or the dot syntax can be used to access array-fields, whereas elements can be accessed with `getindex` (`[]`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Base.getproperty` or the dot syntax can be used to access struct fields of element of a `StructArray`, whereas elements can be accessed with `getindex` (`[]`).
```
Array-fields seems somewhat ambiguous - does this phrasing seem OK?

Author: Yes, it's better. I may have also been thinking of `A = StructArray{...}(...); A.somefield`, but I agree my phrasing wasn't clear.
